Remove project relocation announcement from README (#10347)
aaif-goose/goose: README.md

  <a href="https://insights.linuxfoundation.org/project/goose"><img src="https://insights.linuxfoundation.org/api/badge/health-score?project=goose"></a>
  <a href="https://repology.org/project/goose-cli/versions"><img src="https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/goose-cli.svg" alt="Packaging status"></a>
</p>

<a href="https://trendshift.io/repositories/25298?utm_source=repository-badge&amp;utm_medium=badge&amp;utm_campaign=badge-repository-25298" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://trendshift.io/api/badge/repositories/25298" alt="aaif-goose%2Fgoose | Trendshift" width="250" height="55"/></a>

</div>

> goose is a generalpurpose AI agent that runs on your machine. Not just for code — use it for research, writing, automation, data analysis, or anything you need to get done.

Reviewer: I think `general-purpose` with a hyphen is correct?

Reviewer: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/general-purpose

Author: fixed

> goose is a generalpurpose AI agent that runs on your machine. Not just for code — use it for research, writing, automation, data analysis, or anything you need to get done.

Author: ```suggestion
goose is a general-purpose AI agent that runs on your machine. Not just for code — use it for research, writing, automation, data analysis, or anything you need to get done.
```
